[crowd murmuring]
‐ What is that?
‐ [Moroha humming a tune]
‐ [gasping]
‐ Stay away.
[Towa groans]
‐ [bones rattling]
‐ [continues humming]
Yo, Mr. Jyubei! What you think?
‐ Ten mon.
‐ But this is a whole head!
Only ten?
‐ I'm telling you
it's not even worth that much.
‐ [groans]
‐ Uh, do you know anything
about the Dream Butterfly,
by chance?
‐ I don't, not really. How come?
‐ My sister here had her dreams
stolen by the butterfly.
I want to get them
back for her.
‐ Even though I don't care.
‐ Dream Butterfly, did you say?
I'll keep an eye out.
‐ Thank you very much.
‐ Anyway, Mr. Jyubei,
got any bounties
that'll pay me a little better?
‐ I may have
just the job for you,
being Half‐Demon Princesses
and all.
‐ Nice! What is it?
‐ There have been
a lot of travelers
going missing
in the northern mountains.
Maybe you can find out why.
‐ Now that's more like it!
Don't worry about a thing.
You can count
on the three of us!
‐ [nervous chuckle]
[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: "The Cat Juan
at the Old Temple."
‐ ♪ I ride my bike
to go somewhere ♪
♪ From here to there,
I ride my bike ♪
♪ Go anywhere, anytime
♪ Just keep on pedaling
and pedaling ♪
‐ Hey, Moroha!
‐ Huh? What is it?
‐ Why don't you get off and run?
I can't see
with you in front of me!
‐ Oh, yeah?
Why do you need to see
when I'm already
being the lookout?
You should be thanking me.
So how could I be in the way
when I'm doing you a favor?
‐ Get your annoying butt
out of my face,
or else I'm gonna
move it for you!
‐ Did you say my butt
is annoying?
Aww! You hurt
my butt's feelings!
‐ Watch out!
‐ Eh?
[girl gasps]
[all yell]
‐ [screams]
[all screaming]
ALL: Oh, no!
‐ [gasps]
‐ Wow, look at her go.
‐ Can you blame her?
I mean, she said her parents
completely ignored her
just to take care of some cats.
In modern times,
they call that neglect.
‐ Well, in this era,
if you're hungry,
you just steal
whatever's around.
Hey, heard anything
about people going missing
near an old temple
‐ in a mountain pass?
‐ Huh?
‐ Nobody comes down
from the mountain pass,
and whoever goes up there
doesn't come back.
That's why we came out here,
to look into it.
‐ I don't know about that,
but my village
is at the foot
of a mountain pass.
‐ We should check it out,
since it's on the way.
So this is your village?
‐ Mm‐hmm.
‐ [cat meowing]
‐ [gasps]
‐ [meowing]
‐ TOWA: Look at all these cats.
The Feudal Era
has cat villages, huh?
It reminds me of cat islands.
And the villagers...
every one of them
seems to own a cat.
Oh, wow.
The people around here
sure love cats, don't they?
‐ [gasps] It's my mama! [laughs]
‐ My sweet kitty.
‐ Mama, I'm home.
‐ Eh? Hmph!
Well? Why don't we
get you something to eat?
‐ Mama.
‐ Poor kid. What a bad mom.
‐ Yeah.
‐ It's just as I expected.
‐ [cat meowing]
‐ Eh?
Aww. You have to admit,
cats are total cutie‐pies.
BOTH: "Cutie‐pies"?
‐ [baby talk]
Look at this face.
‐ [hisses]
‐ [yelps]
‐ You...
‐ [squeals]
‐ idiot!
‐ [hisses]
‐ How could you
kick a cat like that?!
‐ I'm telling you,
that thing was no cat.
Or is your nose
just a bump on your face?
You gotta look closer than that!
‐ Can't you smell it?
This village reeks of demons.
‐ That's what it is,
demon smell?
[cats yowling, hissing]
[yelling]
‐ I guess
there's no helping it, then.
‐ It's nothing personal.
‐ [yells]
‐ [yelping]
‐ You're all gonna be lunch
for my Kurikaramaru! Got it?!
‐ [yelping]
‐ [yells]
Screw it.
Let's get this over with!
Crimson Dragon Wave!
[cats scream]
[growling]
[yelling]
‐ I still kinda feel bad.
Cats are so cute.
‐ You're seriously
still stuck on that?
GIRL: Mama!
‐ [sighing]
‐ Mama, you gotta wake up!
‐ Mama!
‐ [murmurs]
Eh? What the...
You're back.
Where have you been?
‐ Mama, you're OK!
‐ Now I get it.
The villagers acted strangely
because they were being
controlled by the ghost cats.
I didn't notice before.
The smell of demons...
‐ You need to develop
your senses.
‐ [sniffs]
I've never smelled
anything like this before.
‐ 'Course not, since that Tokyo
place didn't have any demons.
You've never had to pick up
on their scent until now.
But if you
don't get used to it soon,
don't plan on living
much longer.
‐ I'll work on it.
‐ Boing! Boing!
‐ Eh?
‐ Lady Moroha.
‐ Grandpa Myoga.
When'd you get here?
‐ Lady Moroha, surely you know
I would follow you
to the very ends of the Earth.
‐ Yeah, right.
‐ I think the ghost cats
ran towards the mountain pass.
MOROHA: Oh.
Looks like the travelers
going missing
near the old temple
must have been turned
into cat chow, huh?
Seems like an easy win to me.
‐ Ghost cats tend to get
stronger as the years go by,
but none of the ones
you've encountered
seemed very formidable.
‐ Time to hunt
some evil kitties!
‐ Let's go!
‐ Right.
GIRL: 'Scuse me.
‐ [grunts] What is it?
‐ Um, well...
‐ Hmm?
‐ I just wanna say thanks a lot!
‐ [laughs]
It was no trouble at all.
OK, bye‐bye.
‐ [laughs]
Bye! Be safe!
[birds squawking]
TOWA: Mr. Jyubei wasn't kidding.
It sure is an old temple.
MOROHA: This whole place
looks suspicious.
‐ But no demon energy so far.
They must be
hiding out somewhere.
‐ Do you have
some business at this temple?
‐ [all gasp]
‐ MOROHA: Oh, it's just a monk.
‐ That's Julian!
BOTH: Who is Julian?
‐ Good evening, ladies.
You can call me Juan.
‐ I don't believe it!
He looks exactly like
Mei's favorite idol, Julian!
‐ Eye...doll?
‐ [groans]
‐ There she goes,
talking about
weird Tokyo stuff again.
‐ [groans] No!
I'm tellin' you,
he looks just like him!
If this were the Modern Era,
he'd totally be a celebrity.
Wait. Do you think
he could be Julian's ancestor?
‐ Excuse me?
‐ OK, we get it.
Now give it a rest.
Hey, Mr. Monk, you seen
any ghost cats around here?
Ghost?
I see.
So there are ghost cats
in the mountain.
I must admit this is the first
I've heard of it, I'm afraid.
‐ Have you seen
anything strange?
‐ Such as?
‐ A lot of people
have gone missing lately
all of which were traveling
through the mountain pass.
‐ I have offered many travelers
shelter for the night
in the temple,
but nothing out of the ordinary.
‐ Oh?
‐ It is getting late.
The three of you are welcome
to stay until morning
if you would like to.
It might be wise.
The mountain pass can be
quite dangerous after dark.
‐ Sure, why not?
‐ We'll take you up on that.
‐ [both grunt]
‐ Alright.
Make yourselves at home.
TOWA: Do you think
the ghost cats
might be hiding
somewhere in the mountain?
‐ No. They're here.
‐ What? Here?
‐ Obviously.
The whole temple
smells like demons.
‐ You mean Julian is one, too?
‐ Not him. That monk smells
100% human through and through.
Towa, better hurry up
and learn how to smell demons,
or you're gonna be in trouble.
And stop calling him Julian.
[yelps] Uh...
What's this music?
‐ It's one of Julian's songs.
‐ Mm, mm.
Wow, this guy really sucks.
‐ [laughs]
‐ Eh?
Uh...
‐ Now, how do we
handle the cats?
‐ If we let ourselves
appear defenseless,
I'm sure they'll
just come to us at some point.
‐ The basics of a demon slayer.
‐ It's new to me.
You're right.
I better hurry up
and get used to it,
or I won't be able
to help anyone.
‐ What do you mean, "help"?
‐ It's what we do.
‐ No, we slay demons.
‐ But we helped in the village.
‐ That was just a detour.
And those ghost cats
are worthless.
We gotta aim higher
if we wanna get paid.
[blanket rustles]
Moroha, why do
you want to make
‐ so much money, anyway?
‐ Huh?
I just haven't noticed you
spending any of it.
‐ OK, time for me
to pretend I'm sleeping.
‐ Hey.
‐ Come on. You guys, too.
‐ She's right.
Maybe we should
make our beds now.
‐ I don't sleep, remember?
‐ Oh, yeah.
[suspenseful music playing]
‐ Towa, quiet your energy.
‐ Huh? Sorry.
[energy pulsing]
‐ Never mind.
It doesn't matter
at this point, anyway.
‐ [soft meowing]
[shrieking]
‐ I knew you stupid ghost cats
would fall right into our trap!
Take this!
‐ [squealing]
‐ Towa, behind you!
‐ [gasps]
‐ [shrieking]
‐ [grunts]
[cats groan]
‐ I told you two
this would work.
‐ [running footsteps]
‐ Hmm?
‐ What was all that noise?
[gasps] What happened here?
‐ Hey, Mr. Monk, you didn't
notice all these ghost cats?
‐ I didn't.
‐ But the question
still remains.
Why are they nested
in this specific temple?
‐ I think
that my insufficient training
kept me from detecting them.
However...
the truth is
there is a very old legend
that surrounds this temple.
About 100 years ago,
there was a powerful priest
who sealed a demon away.
He laid its corpse to rest
beneath the floors
of this temple.
‐ Under the floors?
‐ It's your call, Towa.
You did want to help people,
didn't you?
‐ Yeah. Let's investigate.
MOROHA: Are you sure
it's actually down here?
It's pitch‐black in there.
‐ We can't proceed
without light.
‐ [gasps] Hang on a sec.
‐ Hmm?
‐ Huh?
‐ Here you go.
‐ Oh, yeah.
That'll do the trick!
‐ [chuckles]
‐ [yelps]
What do you think you're doing?
Cut it out, would you?
‐ [groans]
‐ Honestly...
Ooh!
I gotta admit
this thing is handy.
I just put up a barrier.
In theory, this should prevent
demons from entering the temple.
‐ Don't worry, Juan.
I'll make sure to protect you.
‐ Thank you very much.
That is quite reassuring.
MOROHA: Towa's such a cheater!
"Let's go investigate,"
she says,
but we're the ones who are
down here doing the dirty work.
[gasps]
Hey, look. A hole.
[dramatic music playing]
Ghost cat bones?
‐ Looks like the legend
the monk told us was true.
‐ There's something
weird about it.
‐ [creaking]
‐ [both gasp]
[both gasp]
[rumbling]
‐ What's happening?
‐ Could it be...
‐ MOROHA: Damn it.
‐ [roaring]
‐ Let's hit it together, Setsu!
Crimson Dragon Wave!
[dragon roars]
[demon cat growls]
‐ Cyclone Burst!
‐ We did it!
Nice‐‐Uh...
‐ What the...
It's reforming.
‐ Something funny's going on.
These bones don't smell
the same as the ghost cats.
‐ Setsuna! Moroha!
‐ Your friends,
will they be alright?
‐ If I know those two,
they'll be just fine.
‐ We've seen warriors like them.
They, too, had come
to slay the cats here,
but failed
and ended up being eaten.
What utter fools they were.
‐ [gasps]
‐ You three
will share their fate.
‐ What are you?
‐ Let's see
how you fare against this!
‐ [snarls]
‐ [gasps]
‐ [shrieks]
MOROHA: Those are human bones.
‐ Most likely, those bones
belong to the victims
it's devoured.
Someone near this temple
is controlling them.
‐ But the only other person here
right now is that monk.
‐ [snarls]
‐ I will devour you, so you
might as well give up now.
‐ Let me guess.
You're the leader
of the ghost cats.
‐ [energy crackles]
‐ [gasps]
‐ I did say
that I put up a barrier.
[laughs]
Except it's not made
with Buddhist power,
but with demon power.
‐ Setsuna! Moroha!
‐ They can't hear you.
Those two are busy
fighting with the ghost cat
under my control.
None of you
are leaving this temple.
I will feast upon you
as you die!
‐ Then I'll just
have to take you down myself!
‐ Don't make me laugh.
I have lived here
for over three centuries now.
You really think
you can defeat me?
Get her.
‐ [shrieking]
‐ [gasps]
‐ [groans]
‐ [hissing]
‐ No matter
how many ghost cats‐‐
‐ JUAN: Help me.
‐ [gasps]
‐ Please, you have to help me.
‐ Wait. But I thought
you were a demon.
‐ No, I'm‐‐
[groans]
None of this matters.
I will feast on your flesh.
‐ [hissing]
‐ [gasps]
‐ [grunts] Not again.
‐ [snarls]
‐ This cat's got
way more than nine lives.
‐ Moroha, handle things here.
‐ Hey, where are you...
‐ [shrieks]
‐ Towa!
A barrier?
Is it the apparition's spell?
‐ Clear the way, Setsuna!
‐ [gasps]
‐ I'll use my Sacred Arrow
to break through that barrier!
‐ What?! My barrier!
‐ Setsuna.
‐ Before,
you only smelled of human,
but no longer. Explain.
‐ [laughs]
For the last 100 years,
I had been sealed beneath
the floors of this temple,
until just recently,
when this pathetic
excuse of a monk
thought he should
hold a service for me.
The sutra he chanted
out of compassion
was strong enough
to awaken my ensnared soul.
And that's when I
broke through the seal,
making it child's play
to take control
of the monk's body.
‐ He was only trying
to save you.
‐ [laughs]
I was never seeking salvation.
‐ I've heard more than enough
of your story.
Prepare to die.
‐ Hang on, Setsuna.
Juan's still in there.
We have to free him
from the ghost cat!
‐ [laughs]
The monk has been
a useful disguise,
so I've allowed him to live,
but I may change my mind.
So what will you do,
cut down the monk
along with me?
‐ [gasps]
‐ [yells]
‐ [yelps]
‐ Is that...
a cat's paw?
‐ [groans]
‐ So that's your main body.
There's a smell
coming from your belly
that wasn't there when you
were disguised as a human.
‐ And why should that
matter to me?
[growling]
‐ Oh, no.
‐ [gasps]
‐ [laughs] Go ahead,
and split me in two
along with the monk
if you dare!
‐ Whaah! Come on!
What are you tryin' to do,
kill somebody?
I'm on my own out here!
‐ [snarls]
‐ [yelps]
‐ If that's how you feel,
then I won't hold back.
‐ You can't. Setsuna, please!
‐ What is it now?
‐ Apparition or not,
that's still Juan!
‐ We can't kill it otherwise.
Setsuna!
‐ Why don't you
try it then, Towa?
Go ahead, and see if you
can cut down the ghost cat
without hurting the monk.
‐ But I‐‐
‐ MOROHA: Hurry up, Towa!
‐ [snarls]
‐ Figure something out!
Otherwise,
you're gonna have to kill him!
MYOGA: Speaking of
whether one can or can't,
Master Inuyasha
was able to spare opponents.
‐ What in the hell
are you blabbering about
at a time like this?
‐ Master Inuyasha's weapon,
the Tessaiga
could absorb
his foe's demon power
and leave everything else alone.
‐ The Tessaiga? It can't help
if we don't have it.
‐ [shrieks]
‐ None of us know how
to absorb demon power
without hurting somebody!
‐ Absorbing
only the demon power.
That's it.
Like with Root Head...
‐ I won't let you
cut me down so easily.
‐ We have no other choice.
‐ Wait, Setsuna.
Don't kill Juan.
‐ If he doesn't die,
‐ then we will!
‐ [gasps]
‐ How long are you
gonna drag that era with you?
Your life is at stake
here and now.
Sever those ideals
along with the ghost cat!
‐ I can't do that!
‐ What?
‐ Setsuna, you had a taste
of what it's like there,
remember,
how peaceful it was,
and everyone there.
‐ [sighs]
‐ Listen, after I
return your dreams to you,
I'm going back,
because I made
a promise to Mei.
And that's why...
I'm fine risking my life...
but I won't take
the lives of others.
‐ Pathetic! [growls]
‐ Towa!
‐ Hang on, Juan.
I'm going to save you!
‐ [growls]
[yelling]
‐ [shrieks]
‐ [grunts]
‐ [shrieking]
She's absorbing
its demon power?!
‐ [groaning]
‐ [yelling]
‐ [panting]
There's just no end
to this damn thing.
Wait. What?
‐ Boing!
It looks as though Lady Towa
has stolen away
the ghost cat's demon power.
‐ Oh, man. Does that mean
she killed the monk, too?
MYOGA: Oh!
Just as one would expect
from the daughter
of Lord Sesshomaru.
‐ Hah! She'd have to be
way more coldhearted for that.
‐ Your naiveté might very well
be your downfall someday.
Don't count
on getting this lucky again.
‐ Don't worry. I told you.
I won't die
until we get your dreams back,
and that's a promise.
‐ [Juan groans]
‐ [both gasp]
‐ [groans]
‐ Juan!
‐ Wh‐What happened? How did I‐‐
‐ You're alright.
Everything's gonna be fine.
[birds chirping]
‐ May you all rest in peace.
This disaster was all because of
my pride and lack of experience.
I know I'm not powerful enough
to be a priest.
Returning to secular life
is the best choice for me.
‐ Good. I hope you'll go home
and become
the proud ancestor of Julian.
‐ Become the what?
‐ Why are you
spouting nonsense again?
‐ There's no need to be grumpy.
We did the job. Now it's time
for us to get paid!
Whaah?!
What did you say?!
‐ 15 mon.
‐ But why, though?
Well, it didn't sound
like he gave you
very much trouble.
‐ We did the job
without killing the monk,
which was a total pain!
‐ That sounds a lot
like a you problem.
‐ Then stop wasting our time
on these small fries,
and give us jobs that'll make us
some real money, already!
[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: While searching
for the Dream Butterfly,
I end up getting lost and
meet a mysterious young man.
‐ Ahoy there. The name's Riku,
but you can call me
Riku the pirate.
‐ The katana he leaves behind
starts a misunderstanding,
pinning me as a thief.
On top of that,
at the estate I'm taken to,
the underlings
of one of the Four Perils
are waiting for me.
Next time on Yashahime,
"Meeting Through an Apple"
Riku: I hope you like
my gift, princess.